(boy)
Come on, Jaden!
Hit a homer!
Jay!
Keep your eye
on the ball!
That could be tough.
After all...
the ball's gonna
be goin' over the rafters!
He'll score.
Then he'll score.
And then
I'll score!
We'll have six-run lead!
(Bastion)
Hold on!
Time out!
Sorry, I was deep into
some attack point
quantum mechanics
and lost track of time.
Can you throw?
Sure.
Well, we need
a fresh arm.
Pitcher change!
Get in there!
This is no
written exam, Bastion.
I hope you know what
you're doing!
Trust me, I've done
all the calculations...
Now get ready for
some heat, Jaden.
This one's coming
in red hot.
♪
♪ Chilling out with
the crew in the schoolyard ♪
♪ Finding trouble never
looking too hard ♪
♪ Well back at class
they never taught us this ♪
♪ Some things you gotta
learn hit or miss ♪
♪ Tough times hard climbs ♪
♪ We'll take 'em on
together ♪
♪ Right now ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ♪
♪ Generation X ♪
♪ Game on
get your game on ♪
♪ Come on ya better play
your cards right ♪
♪ Game on
get your game on ♪
♪ We'll make the grade
and win this fight ♪
♪
♪ We'll make
the grade somehow ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ♪
♪ Game on
get your game on ♪
♪ Come on ya better play your
cards right ♪
♪ Come on and get
your game on ♪
I hope you're ready for
something with some bite!
(growling)
Strike!
Strike two!
You're out!
Nuts!
(Umpire)
Ball.
Ball, take
your base!
Time!
Jaden's what's
going on?
You got two outs
and now you've walked
the last three batters!
Pretty slick, huh?
Slick?
Yeah, how else would I get
a chance to pitch Bastion?
What?
So then you walked
all those guys...
just so that you could
get even with Bastion?
Nah!
I don't wanna just get even,
I wanna get ahead!
Hey, you hear
that, buddy?
You're going down!
(Bastion)
Down the base
paths, perhaps.
Now then, give me
your best, Jaden.
I don't want to
hear any excuses...
after I wallop it right
out of the ballpark.
That is, if you can
manage to get
the baseball over
the plate, of course.
Game on!
Game over, soon!
♪
Now here's some
bite for you!
(growling)
Ooh, the Paradox Brothers
couldn't beat Jaden,
Chazz couldn't
beat Jaden!
I need to find someone
who can beat--
(yelling)
Uh, heads-up?
You!
Well, of course!
Who else could cause
such intense pain?
Now that's keeping
your eye on the ball.
Sorry.
It was...
(Bastion)
My fault.
I was the one
who hit the ball.
Bastion?
Of course!
Here I was, struggling
to find a new accomplice
and here it smacks me
right in the face.
Well, the eye, actually,
but that's really
beside the point.
Dr. Crowler, accept
my apologies.
No, no,
no, no!
I've been meaning to get my
contacts refitted for ages,
now I have
the perfect excuse.
And the perfect
new protégé.
All right,
you two, you've caused
enough trouble,
now shoo!
Shoo-shoo!
(shrieking)
(Jaden)
Fine.
But that was foul, Bastion!
Bye!
Never mind
those two.
Slifer slackers.
It's time you started
consorting with those
more your class,
don't you think?
It's time you start
consorting...
with me.
Yo, foot rub,
iced tea, now!
Get it yourself.
What was that?
Doesn't he know?
Guess not.
Know what?
Chazz, where do you
think you're sitting?
My seat?
Sorry, but that's
not your seat anymore.
Now move!
What are you
talking about?
Of course this is my seat,
it says so right here!
Sorry, Chazz, but you
were moved way over there.
No way!
This is...
all wrong!
I don't belong over
there with those losers!
Dr. Crowler, tell everyone
this is a mistake!
Tell them
I belong up here!
But you don't, and you
haven't since you lost that
one duel to, oh,
who was it now?
Ah, yes, I remember,
Jaden Yuki.
A Slifer!
Which is why, tomorrow,
you will duel Bastion Misawa,
and if you lose to him, as well,
you two will switch dorms!
You mean...
I'd become a...
Ra Yellow duelist?
Yes, very good, now if
only you could duel
as well as
you listen!
(laughing)
(laughing continues)
I won't be a Ra!
(laughing)
(Jaden)
All right, all right, maybe
it wasn't a foul, Bastion.
(Syrus)
Jaden, over the center field
fence usually isn't.
Look, I play
like I duel!
With formulas.
See, I find
that science,
statistics,
geometry--
they play a role in
everything that we do in life.
Wow.
I never looked at
it that way.
So, do you have a formula
for everything, Bastion?
(laughing)
And here
we are!
(gasping)
(both)
And where's that?
My lab, my workshop,
my dorm room.
That area is for Traps.
That's for
Spell Cards.
And that's, well,
you get the idea.
Most of these I've memorized,
and as you can see,
I'm running out
of room, so...
(both)
So what?
So... mind helping?
♪
Check it out!
I'm Michelangelo!
(laughing)
Get it?
'Cause I'm painting
on the ceiling!
Whoa... whoa!
(yelling)
What the...
You do realize...
this means war,
Jay.
Now look, Sy.
It was an accident!
That's enough!
Give me that
paint.
(laughing)
Funny, is it?
I don't think I've ever
such a good time paintin'!
Hey, you're all right,
Bastion!
Yeah, and so is
Ra Yellow's food!
Oh...
You flatter us.
But I'm sure it's not
that much better than Slifer's.
Trust me, the closest
we get to lobster
is our dorm
cat's breath!
Speaking of
bottom-dwellers,
what were you talking
to Crowler
about back
at the game?
Actually, he wants me
to test to be an Obelisk.
Are you serious?
Is that why you were
cleaning up your room?
'Cause you're
switchin' dorms?
Well, you deserve it,
congrats, Bastion!
Again, you
flatter me...
You're good, man.
Come on.
You're awesome.
I saw you duel during
the entrance exams.
You kicked that
duel proctor's butt.
You'll totally pass Crowler's
test and be an Obelisk Blue!
(both)
And we can say we
knew you when!
Well, thank you.
You're welcome.
Now if you'll
excuse me...
(Chosaku)
Got it, Chazz?
(Chazz)
Yeah...
I can't hear you.
I said, yes,
I understand.
Well, you
had better.
The Princeton brothers
have a plan.
Your brother
and I are following
through with our
ends of it.
And you had better
be following
through with
yours, Chazz.
Come one, just think
of it, little bro.
The worlds
of politics...
finance...
and Duel Monsters!
If we control
them all,
then we will
control the entire world!
So be the best.
The future of the Princeton
family depends on it.
It depends on you!
(Chazz)
Be the best?
How can I be
the best?
With lucky punks
like these out there?
What is this?
Bastion's heading off
to the Slifer dorm
for the night?
Hmm...
Then his dorm
room'll be all empty...
(snoring)
Hey, Sy, what's
the Ra doing here?
He painted his room today,
so we let him crash here.
But, Syrus,
he's a Ra Yellow.
What if he wakes up
and wants to
duel one of us,
or make fun of
one of us,
how do you know
we can trust him?
Relax, Chumley,
he's cool.
I mean, he let us
eat at the Ra meal hall.
Oh.
He can have my bed
if he wants.
♪
Jaden!
Jaden, wake up!
What is it,
Ms. Dorothy?
I was at the docks
unloading some goods near
the shore, then,
I saw them...
Cards tossed
everywhere!
Tossed?
Careful now, boys!
(Jaden)
That's Ring Of Destruction!
(Syrus)
And Vorse Raider!
Bastion, these are
all of your cards!
It's my own fault.
This deck was in the desk
I moved to
the hallway yesterday
when we were painting.
Who would do
something like this?
Someone who doesn't
want you to advance
to Obelisk Blue,
that's who.
I mean, this was your
deck and it's totally ruined!
Ah man, what in the world are
you gonna do now, Bastion?
Your promotion exam
is in less than an hour!
(Crowler)
Bastion, you've made it!
Oh, and I see you've brought
some friends.
I hope you duel better
than the company you keep.
Wait a sec.
Chazz is your
test opponent?
Bastion.
Then he must've been the one
that tossed your cards!
Pardon?
I don't know what
he's talking about,
Dr. Crowler, I didn't
do a thing.
(Alexis)
Oh, is that so?
Zane?
Alexis?
I saw you,
Chazz.
This morning
by the water.
You dumped them
in and ran off.
(all gasping)
I normally wouldn't
snitch, but you
don't mess with
someone's deck.
Yeah, no joke!
That's low for
even you!
Aw, come on...
Who's to say I wasn't throwing
away my own cards?
I guess Bastion and I just
have similar decks, that's all.
Liar!
No one calls me
a liar,
and no one
calls me a thief!
Fine, then
you're not.
Let's just have our duel,
shall we?
But how?
A good duelist always has
a spare deck.
Or a few of them.
After all, you saw all
of my different formulas.
Well, they were for all
of my different dueling decks!
And each one of them is as
powerful as the next!
Yeah, well, you can
go ahead
and have your
six stinking decks!
'Cause all I need is
this one!
Now let's
start this!
I thought that you
would never ask, Chazz.
Duel Disk on!
You're just a problem
to be solved, Chazz.
A theorem
to be cracked.
You're finished!
So bring it on!
(both)
Duel!
Hope you're ready, 'cause
here comes the hurt!
I summon
Chthonian Soldier!
Then, a card facedown
and that'll do for now.
Oh, will it now?
Sounds like Bastion's got
something up his sleeve.
He works quickly.
I summon Hydrogeddon
in attack mode!
Rise, Hydrogeddon!
(growling)
Now, attack
Chthonian Soldier...
with Hydro Gust!
Destroy him!
Thanks,
you just activated my
Chthonian Soldier's
special ability!
It causes you to
take the same amount
of damage to your life
points that I did!
Not bad.
Bastion sure walked
right into that one.
I activate a special
ability also.
You see, Chazz,
when Hydrogeddon successfully
destroys a monster
in battle,
I'm allowed
to immediately summon
another Hydrogeddon
from my deck!
So rise!
Hydrogeddon!
(growling)
And, my battle
phase still continues.
Which means I can
now wage a direct
attack against
you, Chazz!
So go, Hydrogeddon!
Hydro Gust!
(yelling)
You'll pay for that!
I activate my trap card
Call Of The Haunted.
With it, I can summon one
monster from my graveyard!
And the monster
I summon is...
That's right!
Chthonian Soldier!
Next I'll activate the spell
card Inferno Reckless Summon.
It allows us both
to summon in attack mode
any monsters from our deck
hand and graveyard
that are the same
as the monsters
we already
have on the field.
(Alexis)
It makes no sense.
It doesn't matter how many
of those Chazz brings out,
they still won't
have enough attack points
to beat those
Hydrogeddons.
Not by themselves,
they won't.
I activate the equip spell
card Chthonian Alliance!
The monster equipped with
this card gains 800 attack
points for every monster
that has the same name as him.
That brings his attack point
total to...
Well, you're
the math nerd.
You can figure
it out!
Attack,
Chthonian Soldier!
Oh no!
Aw, Bastion's
life points have gone
down by more
than half!
He's losing the duel!
Bravo!
Good show!
But it will be
short-lived!
Rise Oxygeddon!
Now attack the
1,200 attack points
Chthonian Soldier with
Vapor Stream!
Forget?
When my Soldier's
destroyed, you take
the same damage
as me!
Some whiz
kid you are!
My turn's not
through.
Next, my Hydrogeddon attacks
another of your Soldiers!
That damage is still all
going back to you, loser!
(Syrus)
Aw man, why does Bastion
keep attacking?
He's only hurting himself.
Nah, he's fine!
Bastion's playing
smart.
The Chthonian Soldier
with the equip
magic card has
3,600 attack points.
Bastion would have to
summon an incredibly
powerful monster
to destroy him.
Unless, however...
(Syrus)
Wait, I see!
Unless he takes out
the other Chthonians
and lowers the big one's
attack points!
Right, Sy, so if Bastion's
gonna beat that thing,
he's gotta give
up some life points.
Last, I'll place
a facedown card!
And that
will do for now.
Will it?
I wouldn't be so sure,
Whiz-Kid.
I'm sacrificing Chthonian
Soldier and all the cards
in my hand in order to
summon Infernal Incinerator!
Didn't see that coming,
did you?
(laughing)
Infernal Incinerator?
Better break out
your calculator
'cause if you can't find
a formula to beat this guy
this turn, you're toast!
Face it, Bastion!
You don't
stand a chance against
the Infernal Incinerator!
Especially since his
attack points increase by 200
for every monster you have
out on the field!
That thing has
3,400 attack points?
That means no matter which
monster receives
the attack,
Bastion's finished!
Now, Infernal Incinerator
attack with Firestorm Blast!
Bastion!
I activate
my trap!
Amorphous barrier!
When I have three
or more monsters
on my side
of the field,
this trap negates my
opponent's attack
and ends the battle.
But nice try,
Chazz.
Aw, so what?
One turn.
That's all it buys you,
then you'll be all mine!
I'm afraid there
won't be a next turn.
What?
You heard me.
And I activate
the spell card Bonding H2O!
I sacrifice two Hydrogeddons
and one Oxygeddon and summon
Water Dragon!
(growling)
And since
the number of monsters
on my side of the field
decreased,
your Infernal Incinerator's
attack points decrease.
Doesn't matter,
my monster's attack points
are still higher
than yours.
Better double-check
your work.
Because I've
already done all the math.
All the math,
you mean that...
Bastion's had all
this planned
out since
the very start?
(yelling)
No, his
attack points!
Indeed, that's Water
Dragon's special ability!
You see, when he's
out on the field,
the attack
points of Fire Attribute
and Pyro-Type monsters
automatically become zero.
Now, Water Dragon,
attack!
Tidal Blast!
A well-played duel,
Chazz, but not well enough.
Pure luck!
You drew a lucky card
and stumbled into the win.
That's all!
Perhaps.
But luck
favors the prepared.
And I was prepared
to beat you
with a half dozen
other cards, as well.
Sorry.
You would have lost the duel
one way or another.
But deny it
if you want.
Just like you denied
throwing my deck
into the ocean.
Yeah?
Prove it.
Well, if you
insist.
Here, a card
I fished out.
With a formula
I wrote on it.
I suppose you
could've written it,
but then the math would've
probably be wrong,
and it's not.
Chazz, you stole, you lied,
you cheated, you lost.
You deserve
to be demoted.
This can't be...
(Crowler)
Bastion Misawa!
Congratulations and welcome
to Obelisk Blue!
No.
I must decline
that invitation.
What?
But what for?
When I first
arrived at the Academy
I decided I would only
enter Obelisk Blue
when I became
the number-one student
in the freshman class.
Jaden, of all
the new freshman...
I think that student
is you.
Hey, thanks!
Does that mean you wanna
settle this right here?
I mean, seeing you
guys duel
really made me want
to get my game on!
Sorry, but not now.
Why not?
Because I have
a lot of work
to do
before I duel you.
Many formulas to write,
theorems to solve,
equations to balance.
You're a good duelist, Jaden,
and I plan to be ready.
Smart move!
He didn't have to
prepare for me.
He won with just
one day's notice!
Don't worry, Jaden, soon
my dorm room walls
will be filled
with new strategies
and we will have
our duel.
Just be prepared
for it to turn out
like that ball game.
You know, the one
where I struck you out?
You just keep dreamin',
Bastion!
Baseball's a pastime,
but dueling's my life!
Until then, pal!
All right...
Until then it is!
(laughing)
(growling)
Hmm...
Ha!